hey guys today we're going to be taking
a look at the little spit shop yummy in
our tummies thing pic before we go ahead
and open it up will first take a look at
the packaging in the top left hand
corner we hit the little speech shop
logo in the bottom left hand corner it
says yummy anatomies thing peck and
above that we have a picture of life and
all new friends in the bottom right hand
corner it's his style with stickers
indeco boats moving around to the back
of the pega we haven't put to rob the
place it and it says tico-tico bits and
stickers to decorate style accessories a
yummy ice cream shop play use the other
style suites each song separately in the
bottom left hand corner it says design
the world digitally to see the style
panel to learn more then you can
download this app from the Apple and
Google Play Store I'm just going to here
to remove all the contents from the
packaging included is this two-sided
backdrop
the main parts of the places including
the furniture the accessories now to
little speech shop characters in deshita
speakers right so here is the background
will set up an ass it's the thing for
our ice cream shop at the top T we have
a little canopy and it is done in white
and green there are also heads little
cupcakes lollies and ice cream designs
on it one day we have a little menu and
it is done in pink and here's two ice
creams and is really tasty looking
sunday to the right of that we have two
pitchers and one has an ice cream on it
and the other has is sunday and we also
have the tool register and a bow which
is covered in frosting at the frontier
we have this couple cutouts placed in
which shows us all the desserts for sale
it is also a picture of a gumball
machine in a big lollipop the background
is reversible giving you another look to
your ice cream shop
here we have a two tiered cake stand
done in purple this is great for
displaying 10 drinks and desserts our to
LITTLEST PET SHOP characters that come
included our pinky Beekman in kc cotton
puff also included are some deco pieces
which you can decorate your characters
with it'll just give you a view of them
from the back you also get this really
cute park bench done in pink and here's
a little cutout poor design on the back
this is great for pinky in kc to sit
while they're having their ice creams
the ice cream card that comes the price
is really cute it's done in pink and it
has these little purple wheels as well
as the Sunbrella which is in the shape
of vanilla swirl ice cream you can sway
to correct the cart with the digger but
in these stickers that are supplied
and I really like this purple carry bag
because it also has the places where you
can put dto pieces you can also use the
cadets base tan to display some of the
other accessories that come included can
we have this little pink cake in his ice
cream sundae and the last thing that
comes included is this little purple
spoon
okay guys do is they look at the young
you know Tommy's thing peg from the
littlest pet shop if you'd like to see
some of my other reviews on the other
seeds just click d cards and the top
right hand corner of the screen and
until next time thank you again for
watching and I look forward to seeing
you say place the same time tomorrow
you